---
title: 違反の通知
description: Microsoft サービスによる個人データ漏洩からの保護と、違反が発生した場合の Microsoft による対応とユーザーへの通知について説明します。
keywords: Microsoft 365、Microsoft 365 Education、Microsoft 365 ドキュメント、GDPR
localization_priority: Priority
ms.prod: microsoft-365-enterprise
ms.topic: article
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.author: robmazz
author: robmazz
manager: laurawi
audience: itpro
ms.collection:
- GDPR
- M365-security-compliance
ms.custom:
- seo-marvel-mar2020
titleSuffix: Microsoft GDPR
ms.openlocfilehash: a671fc9234f76c63ff7336369c87e680a4432cc3
ms.sourcegitcommit: d7975c391e03eeb96e29c1d02e77d2a1433ea67c
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: ja-JP
ms.lasthandoff: 11/05/2020
ms.locfileid: "48920291"
---
# <a name="gdpr-breach-notification"></a><span data-ttu-id="96490-104">GDPR 違反の通知</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-104">GDPR Breach Notification</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="96490-p101">The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) introduces new rules for organizations that offer goods and services to people in the European Union (EU), or that collect and analyze data for EU residents no matter where you or your enterprise are located. Additional details can be found in the [GDPR Summary topic](gdpr.md). This document leads you to information on the completion of Breach Notifications under the GDPR using Microsoft products and services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-p101">The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) introduces new rules for organizations that offer goods and services to people in the European Union (EU), or that collect and analyze data for EU residents no matter where you or your enterprise are located. Additional details can be found in the [GDPR Summary topic](gdpr.md). This document leads you to information on the completion of Breach Notifications under the GDPR using Microsoft products and services.</span></span>

## <a name="what-constitute-a-breach-of-personal-data-under-the-gdpr"></a><span data-ttu-id="96490-108">GDPR における個人データ侵害とは?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-108">What constitute a breach of personal data under the GDPR?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="96490-p102">Personal data means any information related to an individual that can be used to identify them directly or indirectly. A personal data breach is 'a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored, or otherwise processed'.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-p102">Personal data means any information related to an individual that can be used to identify them directly or indirectly. A personal data breach is 'a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored, or otherwise processed'.</span></span>

## <a name="terminology"></a><span data-ttu-id="96490-111">用語</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-111">Terminology</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="96490-112">このドキュメントで使用されている GDPR 用語の役に立つ定義:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-112">Helpful definitions for GDPR terms used in this document:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="96490-113">*データ コントローラー (コントローラー)* : 法人、公的機関、団体、その他の組織。単独または他者と協力して、個人データの処理の目的と方法を決定します。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-113">*Data Controller (Controller)* : A legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="96490-114">*個人データ* と *データ主体* : 特定されたまたは特定可能な自然人 (データ主体) に関連するあらゆる情報。特定可能な自然人とは、直接または間接的に特定することができる者のことです。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-114">*Personal data* and *data subject* : Any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="96490-115">*処理者* : コントローラーに代わって個人データを処理する自然人または法人、公的機関、団体、その他の組織。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-115">*Processor* : A natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or other body, which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="96490-116">*顧客データ* : ビジネス運営における日々の業務で作成および保存されるデータ。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-116">*Customer Data* : Data produced and stored in the day-to-day operations of running your business.</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-and-breach-notification"></a><span data-ttu-id="96490-117">Microsoft と違反の通知</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-117">Microsoft and Breach Notification</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="96490-p103">Microsoft takes its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) seriously. A security incident/data breach refers to events such as unlawful access to customer's data stored on Microsoft equipment or in Microsoft facilities, or unauthorized access to such that has the potential to result in the loss, disclosure, or alteration of customer data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-p103">Microsoft takes its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) seriously. A security incident/data breach refers to events such as unlawful access to customer's data stored on Microsoft equipment or in Microsoft facilities, or unauthorized access to such that has the potential to result in the loss, disclosure, or alteration of customer data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="96490-p104">As a data processor, Microsoft ensures that service customers are able to meet the GDPR's breach notification requirements as data controllers. Our notification provides the information needed to make that assessment. Microsoft notifies customers of any personal data breach, except for those cases where personal data is confirmed to be unintelligible (for example, encrypted data where integrity of the keys is confirmed).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-p104">As a data processor, Microsoft ensures that service customers are able to meet the GDPR's breach notification requirements as data controllers. Our notification provides the information needed to make that assessment. Microsoft notifies customers of any personal data breach, except for those cases where personal data is confirmed to be unintelligible (for example, encrypted data where integrity of the keys is confirmed).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="96490-p105">Data controllers are responsible for assessing risks to data privacy and determining whether a breach requires notification of a customer's DPA. Microsoft provides the information needed, along with your GDPR compliance policy, to make that assessment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-p105">Data controllers are responsible for assessing risks to data privacy and determining whether a breach requires notification of a customer's DPA. Microsoft provides the information needed, along with your GDPR compliance policy, to make that assessment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="96490-p106">Initial notification includes a description of the nature of the breach, approximate user impact, and mitigation steps (if applicable). If our investigation is not complete at the time of initial notification, we will indicate next steps and timelines for subsequent communication. For more information about how Microsoft detects and responds to a breach of personal data, see [Data Breach Notification Under the GDPR](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/GDPRBreach) in the Service Trust Portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-p106">Initial notification includes a description of the nature of the breach, approximate user impact, and mitigation steps (if applicable). If our investigation is not complete at the time of initial notification, we will indicate next steps and timelines for subsequent communication. For more information about how Microsoft detects and responds to a breach of personal data, see [Data Breach Notification Under the GDPR](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/GDPRBreach) in the Service Trust Portal.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="96490-128">特定の Microsoft 製品およびサービスに関する侵害の通知の詳細は、以下の通りです。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-128">Details regarding breach notification for specific Microsoft products and services is given below.</span></span>
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="96490-129">**[Office 365](gdpr-breach-Office365.md)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-129">**[Office 365](gdpr-breach-Office365.md)**</span></span>  
    <span data-ttu-id="96490-p107">Microsoft invests extensively in systems, processes, and personnel to reduce the likelihood of personal data breach and to quickly detect and mitigate consequence of breach if it does occur. Additional details can be read at [Office 365 Investments in Data Security](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-office365#office-365-investments-in-data-security).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-p107">Microsoft invests extensively in systems, processes, and personnel to reduce the likelihood of personal data breach and to quickly detect and mitigate consequence of breach if it does occur. Additional details can be read at [Office 365 Investments in Data Security](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-office365#office-365-investments-in-data-security).</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="96490-p108">A customer may become aware of a breach and wish to contact Microsoft. In this case, notify Microsoft Support, which will then interface with engineering teams for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-p108">A customer may become aware of a breach and wish to contact Microsoft. In this case, notify Microsoft Support, which will then interface with engineering teams for more information.</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="96490-134">**[Azure および Dynamics 365](gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics.md)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-134">**[Azure & Dynamics 365](gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics.md)**</span></span>  
    <span data-ttu-id="96490-135">Microsoft には、Microsoft Azure および Dynamics 365 に対する攻撃の影響緩和を目的とした、24 時間 365 日体制のインシデント対応サービスがあります。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-135">Microsoft has a global, 24x7 incident response service that works to mitigate the effects of attacks against Microsoft Azure and Dynamics 365.</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="96490-p109">*Detection of Breaches* : Since both Microsoft and the customer have security obligations, Azure services employ a shared responsibility model to define security and operational accountabilities. Microsoft does not monitor or respond to security incidents within the customer's realm of responsibility. Customer incident response may involve collaboration with Azure [customer support](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/options/), given appropriate service contracts. Microsoft Azure also offers various services (for example, [Azure Defender](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/)) that customers can utilize for developing and managing security incident response.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-p109">*Detection of Breaches* : Since both Microsoft and the customer have security obligations, Azure services employ a shared responsibility model to define security and operational accountabilities. Microsoft does not monitor or respond to security incidents within the customer's realm of responsibility. Customer incident response may involve collaboration with Azure [customer support](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/options/), given appropriate service contracts. Microsoft Azure also offers various services (for example, [Azure Defender](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/)) that customers can utilize for developing and managing security incident response.</span></span>

        <span data-ttu-id="96490-p110">For a list of events that trigger a breach investigation in Microsoft Azure, see [Detection of Potential Breaches](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#detection-of-potential-breaches). [Azure and Breach Notification under the GDPR](gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics.md) further details how Microsoft investigates, manages, and responds to security incidents within Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-p110">For a list of events that trigger a breach investigation in Microsoft Azure, see [Detection of Potential Breaches](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#detection-of-potential-breaches). [Azure and Breach Notification under the GDPR](gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics.md) further details how Microsoft investigates, manages, and responds to security incidents within Azure.</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="96490-p111">*Data Breach Response* : Microsoft determines appropriate priority and severity levels of a breach by investigating the functional impact, recoverability, and information impact of the incident. Priority and severity may change over the course of the investigation, based on new findings and conclusions. Microsoft's security response team works closely with global legal advisors to help ensure that forensics are performed in accordance with legal obligations and commitments to customers. These processes are detailed in [Azure's Data Breach Response](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#azures-data-breach-response).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-p111">*Data Breach Response* : Microsoft determines appropriate priority and severity levels of a breach by investigating the functional impact, recoverability, and information impact of the incident. Priority and severity may change over the course of the investigation, based on new findings and conclusions. Microsoft's security response team works closely with global legal advisors to help ensure that forensics are performed in accordance with legal obligations and commitments to customers. These processes are detailed in [Azure's Data Breach Response](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#azures-data-breach-response).</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="96490-p112">*Customer Notification* : Microsoft Azure notifies customers and regulatory authorities of data breaches as required. Customer notices are delivered in no more than 72 hours from the time we declared a breach except for the following circumstances:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-p112">*Customer Notification* : Microsoft Azure notifies customers and regulatory authorities of data breaches as required. Customer notices are delivered in no more than 72 hours from the time we declared a breach except for the following circumstances:</span></span>

        - <span data-ttu-id="96490-148">Microsoft が、通知を実行すると他のユーザーにとってリスクが増大する判断した場合。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-148">Microsoft believes the act of performing a notification increases the risk to other customers.</span></span>
        - <span data-ttu-id="96490-p113">The 72-hour timeline may leave some incident details available. These details will be provided to you as the investigation proceeds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-p113">The 72-hour timeline may leave some incident details available. These details will be provided to you as the investigation proceeds.</span></span>

        <span data-ttu-id="96490-151">詳細については、「[お客様への通知](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#customer-notification)」を参照してください。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-151">Further details can be found in [Customer Notification](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#customer-notification).</span></span>

3. <span data-ttu-id="96490-152">**[Microsoft サポート/プロフェッショナル サービス](gdpr-breach-Microsoft-Support-Professional-Services.md)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-152">**[Microsoft Support and Professional Services](gdpr-breach-Microsoft-Support-Professional-Services.md)**</span></span>  
    <span data-ttu-id="96490-p114">The nature of professional services means that some data protection incidents may fall within the customer's realm of responsibility. When Microsoft Professional Services identifies a data protection incident, it follows documented industry standard response plan as outlined in [Scope & Limits of Data Protection Incident Response Process](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-microsoft-support-professional-services#scope--limits-of-data-protection-incident-response-process).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-p114">The nature of professional services means that some data protection incidents may fall within the customer's realm of responsibility. When Microsoft Professional Services identifies a data protection incident, it follows documented industry standard response plan as outlined in [Scope & Limits of Data Protection Incident Response Process](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-microsoft-support-professional-services#scope--limits-of-data-protection-incident-response-process).</span></span>

## <a name="breach-notification-admin-tools"></a><span data-ttu-id="96490-155">違反の通知管理ツール</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-155">Breach notification admin tools</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="96490-156">**組織のプライバシー連絡先の設定** : テナント管理者は [Azure Active Directory 管理ポータル](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2052736)を使用して、Microsoft が連絡を取る必要がある組織のプライバシー連絡先を定義できます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-156">**Set you organization's privacy contact** : Tenant Administrators can use the [Azure Active Directory Admin Portal](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2052736) to define your organization's privacy contact should Microsoft need to communicate with them.</span></span>

## <a name="learn-more"></a><span data-ttu-id="96490-157">詳細情報</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-157">Learn more</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="96490-158">Microsoft Trust Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96490-158">Microsoft Trust Center</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trust-center/privacy/gdpr-overview)
