---
title: GDPR下のWindows Enterprise 通知向け データ プロセッササービス
description: Windows Enterprise用データプロセッササービスの個人データ漏洩の保護と、漏洩が発生した場合の Microsoft の対応、ユーザーへの通知方法について説明します。
keywords: Windows Enterprise、 Microsoft 365、Microsoft 365 ドキュメント、GDPR 用データプロセッササービス
localization_priority: Priority
ROBOTS: NOINDEX, NOFOLLOW
ms.prod: microsoft-365-enterprise
ms.topic: article
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.author: siosulli
author: DaniHalfin
manager: dansimp
audience: itpro
ms.collection:
- GDPR
- M365-security-compliance
ms.openlocfilehash: 5d0a5563de2443e5af0f3b7efda0947d4f669cee
ms.sourcegitcommit: e03bc2945e63f7f2638257e530056ae9283b45d9
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: ja-JP
ms.lasthandoff: 11/13/2020
ms.locfileid: "49070901"
---
# <a name="data-processor-service-for-windows-enterprise-breach-notification-under-the-gdpr"></a><span data-ttu-id="50e9e-104">GDPR下のWindows Enterprise漏洩通知向け データ プロセッササービス</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-104">Data processor service for Windows Enterprise breach notification under the GDPR</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
><span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p101">This topic is intended for participants in the data processor service for Windows Enterprise preview program and requires acceptance of specific terms of use. To learn more about the program and agree to the terms of use, see [https://aka.ms/WindowsEnterprisePublicPreview](https://aka.ms/WindowsEnterprisePublicPreview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p101">This topic is intended for participants in the data processor service for Windows Enterprise preview program and requires acceptance of specific terms of use. To learn more about the program and agree to the terms of use, see [https://aka.ms/WindowsEnterprisePublicPreview](https://aka.ms/WindowsEnterprisePublicPreview).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p102">Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise takes its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) seriously. Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise takes extensive security measures to protect against data breaches. These include dedicated threat management teams that proactively anticipate, prevent, and mitigate malicious access.  Internal security measures such as port scanning, perimeter vulnerability scanning, and intrusion detection detect and prevent malicious access, as well as automated security processes, comprehensive information security and privacy policies, and security and privacy training for all personnel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p102">Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise takes its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) seriously. Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise takes extensive security measures to protect against data breaches. These include dedicated threat management teams that proactively anticipate, prevent, and mitigate malicious access.  Internal security measures such as port scanning, perimeter vulnerability scanning, and intrusion detection detect and prevent malicious access, as well as automated security processes, comprehensive information security and privacy policies, and security and privacy training for all personnel.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p103">Security is built into the Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise from the ground up, starting with the [Security Development Lifecycle](https://www.microsoft.com/sdl/), a mandatory development process that incorporates privacy-by-design and privacy-by-default methodologies. The guiding principle of Microsoft's security strategy is to 'assume breach', which is an extension of the defense-in-depth strategy. By constantly challenging the security capabilities of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise, Microsoft can stay ahead of emerging threats. For more information on the data processor service for Windows Enterprise security, please review these [resources](https://www.microsoft.com/TrustCenter/Security/windows10-security) the data processor service for Windows Enterprise responds to a potential data breach according to the security incident response process. The data processor service for Windows Enterprise security incident response is implemented using a five-stage process: Detect, Assess, Diagnose, Stabilize, and Close. The Security Incident Response Team may alternate between the diagnose and stabilize stages as the investigation progresses. An overview of the security incident response process is below:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p103">Security is built into the Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise from the ground up, starting with the [Security Development Lifecycle](https://www.microsoft.com/sdl/), a mandatory development process that incorporates privacy-by-design and privacy-by-default methodologies. The guiding principle of Microsoft's security strategy is to 'assume breach', which is an extension of the defense-in-depth strategy. By constantly challenging the security capabilities of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise, Microsoft can stay ahead of emerging threats. For more information on the data processor service for Windows Enterprise security, please review these [resources](https://www.microsoft.com/TrustCenter/Security/windows10-security) the data processor service for Windows Enterprise responds to a potential data breach according to the security incident response process. The data processor service for Windows Enterprise security incident response is implemented using a five-stage process: Detect, Assess, Diagnose, Stabilize, and Close. The Security Incident Response Team may alternate between the diagnose and stabilize stages as the investigation progresses. An overview of the security incident response process is below:</span></span> 

|<span data-ttu-id="50e9e-118">**Stage**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-118">**Stage**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="50e9e-119">**説明**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-119">**Description**</span></span>|
| ------- | ------------- |
| <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-120">\**_1 — 検出_* _</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-120">\**_1 — Detect_* _</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-121">潜在的なインシデントの最初の兆候です。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-121">First indication of a potential incident.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-122">_*_2 — 評価_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-122">_*_2 — Assess_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p104">待機中のインシデント対応チーム メンバーがイベントの影響度と重大度を評価します。証拠に基づき、この評価をセキュリティ対応チームにエスカレートするかどうか判断されます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p104">An on-call incident response team member assesses the impact and severity of the event. Based on evidence, the assessment may or may not result in further escalation to the security response team.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-125">_*_3 — 診断_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-125">_*_3 — Diagnose_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p105">Security response experts conduct the technical or forensic investigation, identify containment, mitigation, and workaround strategies. If the security team believes that customer data may have become exposed to an unlawful or unauthorized individual, execution of the Customer Incident Notification process begins in parallel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p105">Security response experts conduct the technical or forensic investigation, identify containment, mitigation, and workaround strategies. If the security team believes that customer data may have become exposed to an unlawful or unauthorized individual, execution of the Customer Incident Notification process begins in parallel.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-128">_*_4 — 安定化と回復_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-128">_*_4 — Stabilize and Recover_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p106">インシデント対応チームは問題を軽減するための回復計画を作成します。リスク封じ込めステップ (影響を受けたシステムの隔離など) を診断と並行してただちに開始する場合があります。当面のリスクが過ぎ去った後の長期的な軽減計画を立てる場合もあります。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p106">The incident response team creates a recovery plan to mitigate the issue. Crisis containment steps such as quarantining impacted systems may occur immediately and in parallel with diagnosis. Longer term mitigations may be planned which occur after the immediate risk has passed.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-132">_*_5 — クローズと事後分析_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-132">_*_5 — Close and Post-mortem_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-133">インシデント対応チームはインシデントの詳細を示す事後分析を作成します。その目的は、ポリシー、手順、プロセスを改訂してイベントの再発を防ぐことです。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-133">The incident response team creates a post-mortem that outlines the details of the incident, with the intention to revise policies, procedures, and processes to prevent a reoccurrence of the event.</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p107">The detection processes used by Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise are designed to discover events that risk the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise. Several events can trigger an investigation:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p107">The detection processes used by Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise are designed to discover events that risk the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise. Several events can trigger an investigation:</span></span> 

 - <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p108">Automated system alerts via internal monitoring and alerting frameworks. These alerts could come in the way of signature-based alarms such as anti-malware, intrusion detection or via algorithms designed to profile expected activity and alert upon anomalies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p108">Automated system alerts via internal monitoring and alerting frameworks. These alerts could come in the way of signature-based alarms such as anti-malware, intrusion detection or via algorithms designed to profile expected activity and alert upon anomalies.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-138">Microsoft Azure および Azure Government で実行されている Microsoft サービスからの第一者レポート。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-138">First party reports from Microsoft Services running on Microsoft Azure and Azure Government.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p109">Security vulnerabilities are reported to the [Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC)](https://technet.microsoft.com/security/dn440717) via [secure@microsoft.com] (mailto:secure@microsoft.com). MSRC works with partners and security researchers around the world to help prevent security incidents and to advance Microsoft product security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p109">Security vulnerabilities are reported to the [Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC)](https://technet.microsoft.com/security/dn440717) via [secure@microsoft.com] (mailto:secure@microsoft.com). MSRC works with partners and security researchers around the world to help prevent security incidents and to advance Microsoft product security.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-141">カスタマー サポート ポータルまたは Microsoft Azure および Azure Government 管理ポータルを介して提出される、(お客様の責任範囲内で生じるアクティビティではなく) Azure インフラストラクチャに帰属する疑わしいアクティビティを記述するお客様レポート。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-141">Customer reports via the Customer Support Portal or Microsoft Azure and Azure Government Management Portal, that describe suspicious activity attributed to the Azure infrastructure (as opposed to activity occurring within the customer's scope of responsibility).</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p110">Security [Red Team and Blue Team](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/red-teaming-using-cutting-edge-threat-simulation-to-harden-the-microsoft-enterprise-cloud/) activity. This strategy uses a highly skilled Red Team of offensive Microsoft security experts to uncover and attack potential weaknesses in Azure. The security response Blue Team must detect and defend against the Red Team’s activity. Both Red and Blue Team actions are used to verify that Azure security response efforts are effectively managing security incidents. Security Red Team and Blue Team activities are operated under rules of engagement to help ensure the protection of customer data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p110">Security [Red Team and Blue Team](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/red-teaming-using-cutting-edge-threat-simulation-to-harden-the-microsoft-enterprise-cloud/) activity. This strategy uses a highly skilled Red Team of offensive Microsoft security experts to uncover and attack potential weaknesses in Azure. The security response Blue Team must detect and defend against the Red Team’s activity. Both Red and Blue Team actions are used to verify that Azure security response efforts are effectively managing security incidents. Security Red Team and Blue Team activities are operated under rules of engagement to help ensure the protection of customer data.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p111">Azure サービス オペレーターによるエスカレーション。Microsoft スタッフは潜在的なセキュリティ問題を見分けてエスカレートできるように訓練を受けています。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p111">Escalations by operators of Azure Services. Microsoft employees are trained to identify and escalate potential security issues.</span></span>

 ## <a name="data-processor-service-for-windows-enterprise-data-breach-response"></a><span data-ttu-id="50e9e-149">Windows Enterprise 用 データ プロセッサー サービスのデータ侵害対応</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-149">Data processor service for Windows Enterprise Data Breach Response</span></span> 

 <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p112">Microsoft assigns the investigation appropriate priority and severity levels by determining the functional impact, recoverability, and information impact of the incident. Both the priority and severity may change over the course of the investigation, based on new findings and conclusions. Security events involving imminent or confirmed risk to customer data are treated as high severity and worked around the clock to resolution. Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise categorizes the information impact of the incident into the following breach categories:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p112">Microsoft assigns the investigation appropriate priority and severity levels by determining the functional impact, recoverability, and information impact of the incident. Both the priority and severity may change over the course of the investigation, based on new findings and conclusions. Security events involving imminent or confirmed risk to customer data are treated as high severity and worked around the clock to resolution. Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise categorizes the information impact of the incident into the following breach categories:</span></span> 

| <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-154">_ *カテゴリ*\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-154">_ *Category*\*</span></span>             | <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-155">**定義**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-155">**Definition**</span></span>                                                                                                                   |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-156">\**_なし_* _</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-156">\**_None_* _</span></span>               | <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-157">情報の抜き出し、変更、削除、その他の侵害は発生しなかった。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-157">No information was removed, changed, deleted, or otherwise compromised.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-158">_\*_プライバシー侵害_\*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-158">_*_Privacy Breach_*_</span></span>     | <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-159">納税者、従業員、受給者などの機密性の高い個人データにアクセスされたか、データが抜き出された。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-159">Sensitive personal data of taxpayers, employees, beneficiaries, etc. was accessed or removed.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-160">_\*_専有情報違反_\*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-160">_*_Proprietary Breach_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-161">保護された重要インフラ情報 (PCII) などの非機密の専有情報にアクセスされたか、情報が削除された。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-161">Unclassified proprietary information, such as protected critical infrastructure information (PCII), was accessed or removed.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-162">_\*_完全性損失_\*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-162">_*_Integrity Loss_*_</span></span>     | <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-163">機密情報または専有情報が改変または削除された。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-163">Sensitive or proprietary information was changed or deleted.</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p113">The Security Response Team works with Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise Security Engineers and SMEs to classify the event based on factual data from the evidence. A security event may be classified as:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p113">The Security Response Team works with Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise Security Engineers and SMEs to classify the event based on factual data from the evidence. A security event may be classified as:</span></span> 

 - <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p114">_\*False Positive\*\*: An event that meets detection criteria but is found to be part of a normal business practice and may need to be filtered. The service team will identify the root cause for false positives and will address them in a systematic way leveraging detection sources and fine-tuning them as needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p114">_\*False Positive\*\*: An event that meets detection criteria but is found to be part of a normal business practice and may need to be filtered. The service team will identify the root cause for false positives and will address them in a systematic way leveraging detection sources and fine-tuning them as needed.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-168">**セキュリティ インシデント** : Microsoft の機器や設備に保管された何らかの顧客データまたはサポート データへの不正アクセス、またはそのような機器や設備への無許可アクセスが発生した結果、顧客データまたはサポート データが喪失、開示、または改変されたインシデント。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-168">**Security Incident** : An incident where unlawful access to any Customer Data or Support Data stored on Microsoft's equipment or in Microsoft's facilities, or unauthorized access to such equipment or facilities resulting in loss, disclosure, or alteration of Customer Data or Support Data has occurred.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-169">**顧客から報告可能なセキュリティ インシデント (CRSI)** ： Microsoft のシステム、機器、または設備に対する不正/無許可アクセスまたは使用の結果として、顧客データの開示、改変、または喪失が発生した。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-169">**Customer-Reportable Security Incident (CRSI)** : An unlawful or unauthorized access to or use of Microsoft's systems, equipment, or facilities resulting in disclosure, modification, or loss of customer data.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p115">**Privacy Breach** : A subtype of Security Incident involving personal data. Handling procedures are no different than a security incident.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p115">**Privacy Breach** : A subtype of Security Incident involving personal data. Handling procedures are no different than a security incident.</span></span> 

 <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p116">CRSI として宣言するには、顧客データへの無許可アクセスが発生した (またはその可能性が極めて高い) と Microsoft が判断するか、通知を行う法律上または契約上の義務が存在する必要があります。特定のお客様への影響、リソースへのアクセス、修復ステップが具体的に判明することが望ましいものの、必須ではありません。インシデントが CRSI として宣言されるのは通常、セキュリティ インシデントの診断ステージの結論が下された後です。ただし、該当するすべての情報を入手できた任意の時点で宣言される可能性があります。セキュリティ インシデント管理者は、お客様インシデント通知プロセスを開始する前に、報告対象イベントが生じたことに対する合理的な疑念を払拭する証拠を得ておく必要があります。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p116">For a CRSI to be declared, Microsoft must determine that unauthorized access to customer data has or has very likely occurred and/or that there is a legal or contractual commitment that notification must occur. It is desired, but not required, that specific customer impact, resource access, and repair steps be known. An incident is generally declared a CRSI after the conclusion of the Diagnose stage of a security incident; however, the declaration may happen at any point that all pertinent information is available. The security incident manager must establish evidence beyond reasonable doubt that a reportable event has occurred to begin execution of the Customer Incident Notification Process.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p117">調査期間中、セキュリティ対応チームは全世界の法律顧問と協力し、法的義務およびお客様への責任に基づいて捜査を確実に行います。また、さまざまな運用環境でシステム データや顧客データの閲覧と処理がかなり制限されます。該当するインシデント チケットに記録されたインシデント管理者による明確な書面の同意なしで、機密データおよび顧客データが運用環境から外部に移送されることはありません。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p117">Throughout the investigation, the security response team works closely with global legal advisors to help ensure that forensics are performed in accordance with legal obligations and commitments to customers. There are also significant restrictions on system and customer data viewing and handling in various operating environments. Sensitive or confidential data, as well as Customer Data, are not transferred out of the production environment without explicit written approval from the Incident Manager recorded in the corresponding incident ticket.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p118">Microsoft はお客様にとってのリスクと業務上のリスクが適切に抑止され、是正措置が実施されていることを検証します。必要に応じて、イベントに関連する当座のセキュリティ リスクを解決するための緊急軽減ステップを実施します。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p118">Microsoft verifies that customer and business risk is successfully contained, and that corrective measures are implemented. If necessary, emergency mitigation steps to resolve immediate security risks associated with the event are taken.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p119">Microsoft also completes an internal post-mortem for data breaches. As a part of this exercise, sufficiency of response and operating procedures are evaluated, and any updates that may be necessary to the Security Incident Response SOP or related processes are identified and implemented. Internal postmortems for data breaches are highly confidential records not available to customers. Postmortems may, however, be summarized and included in other customer event notifications. These reports are provided to external auditors for review as part of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise routine audit cycle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p119">Microsoft also completes an internal post-mortem for data breaches. As a part of this exercise, sufficiency of response and operating procedures are evaluated, and any updates that may be necessary to the Security Incident Response SOP or related processes are identified and implemented. Internal postmortems for data breaches are highly confidential records not available to customers. Postmortems may, however, be summarized and included in other customer event notifications. These reports are provided to external auditors for review as part of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise routine audit cycle.</span></span> 

## <a name="customer-notice"></a><span data-ttu-id="50e9e-186">お客様へのお知らせ</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-186">Customer Notice</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p120">Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise notifies customers and regulatory authorities of data breaches as required. Microsoft relies on heavy internal compartmentalization in the operation of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise. Data flow logs are also robust. As a benefit of this design, most incidents can be scoped to specific customers. The goal is to provide impacted customers with an accurate, actionable, and timely notice when their data has been breached.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p120">Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise notifies customers and regulatory authorities of data breaches as required. Microsoft relies on heavy internal compartmentalization in the operation of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise. Data flow logs are also robust. As a benefit of this design, most incidents can be scoped to specific customers. The goal is to provide impacted customers with an accurate, actionable, and timely notice when their data has been breached.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p121">After the declaration of a CRSI, the notification process takes place as expeditiously as possible while still considering the security risks of moving quickly. Generally, the process of drafting notifications occurs as the incident investigation is ongoing. Customer notices are delivered in no more than 72 hours from the time we declared a breach except for the following circumstances:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p121">After the declaration of a CRSI, the notification process takes place as expeditiously as possible while still considering the security risks of moving quickly. Generally, the process of drafting notifications occurs as the incident investigation is ongoing. Customer notices are delivered in no more than 72 hours from the time we declared a breach except for the following circumstances:</span></span> 

 - <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p122">通知を行うことで他のお客様にとってリスクが増大すると Microsoft が判断した場合。たとえば、通知行為によって敵対者にヒントを与えてしまい、結果として修正不能になることがあります。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p122">Microsoft believes the act of performing a notification will increase the risk to other customers. For example, the act of notifying may tip off an adversary causing an inability to remediate.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-197">Microsoft の法務部である Corporate External and Legal Affairs (CELA) およびエグゼクティブ インシデント マネージャーによって精査される、他の通常と異なる状況または極端な状況。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-197">Other unusual or extreme circumstances vetted by Microsoft's legal department Corporate External and Legal Affairs (CELA) and the Executive Incident Manager.</span></span> 

 <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-198">Windows Enterprise用 Microsoft データ プロセッササービス は、内部調査を行ってエンド ユーザーへの責務を果たせるよう、詳細な情報をお客様に提供すると同時に、通知プロセスを不必要に遅らせないようにします。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-198">Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise provides customers with detailed information enabling them to perform internal investigations and assisting them in meeting end user commitments, while not unduly delaying the notification process.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="50e9e-p123">個人データ侵害の通知は、Microsoft が選択する任意の方法 (電子メールなど) でお客様に送られます。データ侵害の通知は Azure Defender 内にあるセキュリティ連絡先一覧に向けて配信され、[実装ガイドライン](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-provide-security-contact-details)に従ってこれを構成できます。連絡先情報が Azure Defender に提供されていない場合、Azure サブスクリプションの 1 人以上の管理者に通知が送られます。通知を確実に受け取るには、お客様に該当する各サブスクリプションおよびオンライン サービス ポータルで管理者の連絡先情報を正しく指定していただく必要があります。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-p123">Notification of a personal data breach will be delivered to the customer by any means Microsoft selects, including via email. Notification of a data breach will be delivered to the list of security contacts provided in Azure Defender, which can be configured by following the [implementation guidelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-provide-security-contact-details). If contact information is not provided in Azure Defender, the notification is sent to one or more administrators in an Azure subscription. To ensure that notification can be successfully delivered, it is the customer's responsibility to ensure that the administrative contact information on each applicable subscription and online services portal is correct.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="50e9e-203">Windows Enterprise 用データ プロセッサー サービスは、カスタマー サービス (CSS)、お客様のアカウント マネージャー (AM) やテクニカル アカウント マネージャー (TAM) などの追加の Microsoft スタッフに通知するかどうかを選択することもできます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-203">The data processor service for Windows Enterprise team may also elect to notify additional Microsoft personnel such as Customer Service (CSS) and the customer's Account Manager(s) (AM) or Technical Account Manager(s) (TAM).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="50e9e-204">多くの場合、これらのスタッフはお客様と緊密な関係にあり、迅速な修復をサポートさせていただきます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-204">These individuals often have close relationships with the customer and can facilitate faster remediation</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="50e9e-205">マイクロソフトが個人データの侵害を検出して対応する方法の詳細については、Service Trust Portal の [GDPR の下でのデータ侵害の通知](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/GDPRBreach)を参照してください。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="50e9e-205">For more information about how Microsoft detects and responds to a breach of personal data, see [Data Breach Notification Under the GDPR](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/GDPRBreach) in the Service Trust Portal.</span></span>
