---
title: Title 23 NYCRR Part 500
description: Microsoft では、23 NYCRR 500 の要件を満たすために金融機関が Azure、Office 365、Power BI を役立てる方法を説明するガイドを作成しました。
keywords: Microsoft 365、コンプライアンス、サービス
localization_priority: Priority
ms.prod: microsoft-365-enterprise
ms.topic: article
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.author: robmazz
author: robmazz
manager: laurawi
audience: itpro
ms.collection: M365-security-compliance
hideEdit: true
titleSuffix: Microsoft Compliance
ms.openlocfilehash: fa76fefbeea2c8fc0226a85d5b12599839eba8ca
ms.sourcegitcommit: d7975c391e03eeb96e29c1d02e77d2a1433ea67c
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: ja-JP
ms.lasthandoff: 11/05/2020
ms.locfileid: "48920409"
---
# <a name="title-23-nycrr-part-500"></a><span data-ttu-id="49390-104">Title 23 NYCRR Part 500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-104">Title 23 NYCRR Part 500</span></span>

## <a name="title-23-nycrr-part-500-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="49390-105">Title 23 NYCRR Part 500 の概要</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-105">Title 23 NYCRR Part 500 overview</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="49390-p101">In response to the significant and ever-increasing threats to the cybersecurity of information and financial systems, in 2017, the State of New York Department of Financial Services imposed a new set of cybersecurity requirements on financial institutions that are licensed or authorized to do business in the state. This regulation — Title 23 New York Codes, Rules, and Regulation Part 500: Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies — is designed to protect customer data and the information technology systems of financial institutions such as state-chartered, private, and international banks, mortgage brokers, and insurance companies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-p101">In response to the significant and ever-increasing threats to the cybersecurity of information and financial systems, in 2017, the State of New York Department of Financial Services imposed a new set of cybersecurity requirements on financial institutions that are licensed or authorized to do business in the state. This regulation — Title 23 New York Codes, Rules, and Regulation Part 500: Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies — is designed to protect customer data and the information technology systems of financial institutions such as state-chartered, private, and international banks, mortgage brokers, and insurance companies.</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-and-title-23-nycrr-part-500"></a><span data-ttu-id="49390-108">Microsoft と Title 23 NYCRR Part 500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-108">Microsoft and Title 23 NYCRR Part 500</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="49390-p102">Microsoft provides a comprehensive guide, [Microsoft Cloud Services: Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/TrustDocuments?command=Download&downloadType=Document&downloadId=f7e56dc6-4e52-4e9a-af06-aa41d5851d36&docTab=6d000410-c9e9-11e7-9a91-892aae8839ad_Compliance_Guides), for financial services regulated under Title 23 NYCRR Part 500. It explains in depth how Azure, Office 365, and Power BI cloud services support compliance with the requirements. Financial institutions that seek to operate in the global financial center of New York must meet them, so compliance is critical for many institutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-p102">Microsoft provides a comprehensive guide, [Microsoft Cloud Services: Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/TrustDocuments?command=Download&downloadType=Document&downloadId=f7e56dc6-4e52-4e9a-af06-aa41d5851d36&docTab=6d000410-c9e9-11e7-9a91-892aae8839ad_Compliance_Guides), for financial services regulated under Title 23 NYCRR Part 500. It explains in depth how Azure, Office 365, and Power BI cloud services support compliance with the requirements. Financial institutions that seek to operate in the global financial center of New York must meet them, so compliance is critical for many institutions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="49390-112">ガイダンス『Microsoft クラウド サービス: [NYDFS サイバーセキュリティ要件への準拠支援](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098969)』に従うことで、Title 23 NYCRR Part 500 への準拠を加速させることができます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-112">Follow this guidance to accelerate your compliance with Title 23 NYCRR Part 500: Microsoft Cloud Services: [Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098969)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="49390-113">ニューヨーク州の規制では、各金融機関に対して以下の活動が要求されます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-113">The New York regulations require each financial institution to:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="49390-p103">**Develop and maintain a robust cybersecurity program** starting with an assessment of the institution’s specific risk profile and then designing a program that addresses them. The [Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program](https://www.microsoft.com/download/confirmation.aspx?id=55332) was created to help financial services assess the risks of using Microsoft cloud services. It includes direct engagement with our engineers and corporate risk officers and access to our compliance and security experts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-p103">**Develop and maintain a robust cybersecurity program** starting with an assessment of the institution’s specific risk profile and then designing a program that addresses them. The [Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program](https://www.microsoft.com/download/confirmation.aspx?id=55332) was created to help financial services assess the risks of using Microsoft cloud services. It includes direct engagement with our engineers and corporate risk officers and access to our compliance and security experts.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="49390-p104">**Implement a comprehensive cybersecurity policy** that addresses information security, data governance and classification, access controls, business continuity, and the like. Microsoft offers guidance for developing this policy with in-depth information about our certifications and risk assessments; business continuity and disaster recovery metrics; and diagnostics for logging and auditing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-p104">**Implement a comprehensive cybersecurity policy** that addresses information security, data governance and classification, access controls, business continuity, and the like. Microsoft offers guidance for developing this policy with in-depth information about our certifications and risk assessments; business continuity and disaster recovery metrics; and diagnostics for logging and auditing.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="49390-p105">**最高情報セキュリティ責任者 (CISO) の任命** :サイバーセキュリティ プログラムの管理およびポリシーの適用の最高責任者です。CISO を支援するために、Microsoft では Microsoft のクラウド展開に関する詳細なサイバーセキュリティ情報を[Azure Defender\*](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/?v=17.23h)、[Office 365 Advanced Threat Analytics](https://docs.microsoft.com/advanced-threat-analytics/)、および[Power BI Security](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=829185)を通して提供しています。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-p105">**Designate a chief information security officer** (CISO) to manage the cybersecurity program and enforce policy. To help your CISO, Microsoft provides in-depth cybersecurity information about Microsoft cloud deployments through [Azure Defender](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/?v=17.23h), [Office 365 Advanced Threat Analytics](https://docs.microsoft.com/advanced-threat-analytics/), and [Power BI Security](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=829185).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="49390-p106">**Monitor and test the effectiveness of its cybersecurity program** : Microsoft provides information from audits of its cybersecurity practices that include continuous monitoring, periodic penetration testing, and vulnerability assessments. Customers can conduct their own tests without advance permission from Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-p106">**Monitor and test the effectiveness of its cybersecurity program** : Microsoft provides information from audits of its cybersecurity practices that include continuous monitoring, periodic penetration testing, and vulnerability assessments. Customers can conduct their own tests without advance permission from Microsoft.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="49390-p107">**Maintain an audit trail.** Built-in audit functionalities of Azure, Office 365, and Power BI customers generate information that can be used to reconstruct financial transactions and develop audit trail information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-p107">**Maintain an audit trail.** Built-in audit functionalities of Azure, Office 365, and Power BI customers generate information that can be used to reconstruct financial transactions and develop audit trail information.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="49390-125">**非公開情報が含まれる情報システムへのアクセスの制限** : Azure、Office 365、および Power BI で提供されている対策で、各サービス固有の役割ベースのアクセス制御 (RBAC) プロセス、すべての Microsoft 管理者に対する厳格なセキュリティとアクセス要件、およびすべての昇格されたアクセス権の要求に対する監査が含まれます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-125">**Limit access to information systems that contain nonpublic information** : Measures that Azure, Office 365, and Power BI offer a role-based access control (RBAC) process native to each service, strict security and access requirements for every Microsoft administrator, and audits of every request for elevated access privileges.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="49390-126">**外部で開発されたアプリケーションのセキュリティの評価とテスト** : Visual Studio を使用する開発者の場合、管理コードのための [セキュリティ ルール](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/security-rules-rule-set-for-managed-code)を使用すると、コードの展開前にアプリケーションのサイバーセキュリティの脅威を検出し、軽減できます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-126">**Institute procedures to assess and test the security of externally developed applications** : For developers using Visual Studio, [Security Rules](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/security-rules-rule-set-for-managed-code) for managed code can help ensure that application cybersecurity threats are detected and mitigated before the code is deployed.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="49390-p108">**Use periodic risk assessments to design and enhance cybersecurity programs** : For customers, Microsoft aggregates information about security threats, provides roadmaps of change management, and regularly updates information about subcontractors. Microsoft also regularly conducts risk assessments of its own services, the results of which are available to customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-p108">**Use periodic risk assessments to design and enhance cybersecurity programs** : For customers, Microsoft aggregates information about security threats, provides roadmaps of change management, and regularly updates information about subcontractors. Microsoft also regularly conducts risk assessments of its own services, the results of which are available to customers.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="49390-p109">**Use qualified personnel to manage cybersecurity risks and oversee cybersecurity functions** : Microsoft employs stringent procedures for our employee access to your customer data. If we hire subcontractors, we remain responsible for service delivery, and ensure that subcontractors fully comply with Microsoft privacy and security commitments, including requirements for handling sensitive data, background checks, and non-disclosure agreements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-p109">**Use qualified personnel to manage cybersecurity risks and oversee cybersecurity functions** : Microsoft employs stringent procedures for our employee access to your customer data. If we hire subcontractors, we remain responsible for service delivery, and ensure that subcontractors fully comply with Microsoft privacy and security commitments, including requirements for handling sensitive data, background checks, and non-disclosure agreements.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="49390-131">**サードパーティ サービス プロバイダーが保持する情報のセキュリティを確保するためのポリシーと手順の適用** : Azure、Office 365、および Power BI では、会社のネットワークへのすべての受信接続で多要素認証が利用でき、外部ネットワークで転送中または保管中の非公開情報を保護するための暗号化を含む制御が実装され、顧客通知、インシデント調査、およびセキュリティ インシデントのリスク軽減を提供する [Microsoft オンライン サービス条件](https://aka.ms/Online-Services-Terms)が提供されます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-131">**Implement policies and procedures to ensure the security of information held by third-party service providers** : Azure, Office 365, and Power BI make multi-factor authentication available for all inbound connections to company networks; implement controls, including encryption, to protect nonpublic information in transit over external networks and at rest; and offer [Microsoft Online Services Terms](https://aka.ms/Online-Services-Terms) that provide for customer notification, incident investigation, and risk mitigation for security incidents.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="49390-132">**データの保持と削除のポリシーと手順の実装** : Azure、Office 365、および Power BI に保存されている顧客データにいつでもアクセスし、抽出できます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-132">**Implement data retention and deletion policies and procedures** : You can always access and extract your customer data stored in Azure, Office 365, and Power BI.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="49390-p110">**Monitor the activity of authorized users, detect unauthorized access, and offer regular cybersecurity awareness training to employees** : Azure, Office 365, and Power BI include outside-in monitoring to raise alerts about incidents, and extensive diagnostics for logging and auditing. [Microsoft Virtual Academy](https://mva.microsoft.com/) offers online training that covers the cybersecurity of Microsoft cloud services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-p110">**Monitor the activity of authorized users, detect unauthorized access, and offer regular cybersecurity awareness training to employees** : Azure, Office 365, and Power BI include outside-in monitoring to raise alerts about incidents, and extensive diagnostics for logging and auditing. [Microsoft Virtual Academy](https://mva.microsoft.com/) offers online training that covers the cybersecurity of Microsoft cloud services.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="49390-p111">**Develop plans to respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents** : Microsoft helps you prepare for cybersecurity incidents using a defensive strategy to detect, predict, and prevent security breaches before they occur. When developing your own plans, you can draw on our incident management plan for responding to cybersecurity breaches.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-p111">**Develop plans to respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents** : Microsoft helps you prepare for cybersecurity incidents using a defensive strategy to detect, predict, and prevent security breaches before they occur. When developing your own plans, you can draw on our incident management plan for responding to cybersecurity breaches.</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-in-scope-cloud-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="49390-137">対象となる Microsoft のクラウド サービス</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-137">Microsoft in-scope cloud services</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="49390-138">Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-138">Azure</span></span>](https://aka.ms/AzureCompliance)
- <span data-ttu-id="49390-139">Intune</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-139">Intune</span></span>
- [<span data-ttu-id="49390-140">Office 365</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-140">Office 365</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=2077751)
- <span data-ttu-id="49390-141">Power BI クラウド サービス (スタンドアロン サービス、または Office 365 ブランド プランあるいはスイートに搭載されているサービス)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-141">Power BI cloud service either as a standalone service or as included in an Office 365 branded plan or suite</span></span>

## <a name="frequently-asked-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="49390-142">よく寄せられる質問</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-142">Frequently asked questions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="49390-143">**この規制の対象となるのはどの機関ですか?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-143">**What institutions are covered under this regulation?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="49390-144">お客様の機関がこの規制の対象かどうかを特定するには、ニューヨーク州金融サービス局の [Who we Supervise (監督対象機関)](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2099374) を参照してください。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-144">Consult the New York Department of Financial Services [Who We Supervise](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2099374) to determine whether your institution is governed by this regulation.</span></span>

## <a name="resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="49390-145">リソース</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-145">Resources</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="49390-146">おすすめのリソース</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-146">Featured resources</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trustcenter/compliance/NYCRR)
- [<span data-ttu-id="49390-147">ニューヨーク州金融サービス局 23 NYCRR 500: Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies (金融サービス会社向けサイバーセキュリティ要件)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-147">New York State Department of Financial Services 23 NYCRR 500: Cybersecurity Requirements For Financial Services Companies</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098976)
- [<span data-ttu-id="49390-148">FAQ: 23 NYCRR Part 500–サイバーセキュリティ</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-148">FAQs: 23 NYCRR Part 500–Cybersecurity</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098977)
- [<span data-ttu-id="49390-149">Microsoft クラウド サービス: NYDFS サイバーセキュリティ要件への準拠支援</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-149">Microsoft Cloud Services: Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements</span></span>](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/TrustDocuments?command=Download&downloadType=Document&downloadId=f7e56dc6-4e52-4e9a-af06-aa41d5851d36&docTab=6d000410-c9e9-11e7-9a91-892aae8839ad_Compliance_Guides)
- [<span data-ttu-id="49390-150">Microsoft Trust Center のコンプライアンス</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-150">Compliance on the Microsoft Trust Center</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trust-center/compliance/compliance-overview)

## <a name="other-microsoft-resources-for-financial-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="49390-151">金融サービス向けのその他の Microsoft リソース</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-151">Other Microsoft resources for financial services</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="49390-152">Microsoft 法人向けクラウド サービスおよび金融サービス</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-152">Microsoft business cloud services and financial services</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trustcenter/cloudservices/financialservices)
- [<span data-ttu-id="49390-153">Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-153">Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/download/confirmation.aspx?id=55332)
- [<span data-ttu-id="49390-154">Azure における金融サービス コンプライアンス</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-154">Financial services compliance in Azure</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/resources/videos/azurecon-2015-financial-services-compliance-in-azure/)
- <span data-ttu-id="49390-155">[クラウド コンピューティングの共同責任](https://aka.ms/sharedresponsibility)-</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49390-155">[Shared responsibilities for cloud computing](https://aka.ms/sharedresponsibility)-</span></span> 
